# Sentimental-Analysis-DNC
 Election plays a vital role in democracy. Due to the prominent role of the election, it becomes crucial to select an ideal candidate. Especially, when it’s a matter of choosing a candidate for an opposition party, things become more important than ever. Two major political parties in the USA are ‘The Democratic’ and ‘The Republican’. In 2016, the Republicans won the race. It’s time for the democratic to prepare an ideal candidate to defeat its opponent party which is the republican. Surprisingly, more than 20 candidates have claimed themselves to be the ideal nominee for the US 2020 election from the democratic party. Among them, 10 candidates have failed to fulfill the debate criteria of the democratic party which resulted in disqualifying them. But still, there are 6 candidates in the race.    An opinion poll exists, since the early 19th century, and various media have been conducting such polls to identify the best candidate among those 6 candidates. However, there is evidence from the past, which shows the failure of such an opinion poll to accurately select the outcome. Thus, the scientific community has moved towards analyzing web data such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube to predict possible outcomes based on public opinion.    Social Media contributes to a big portion of today’s big data world. People express their opinion, ideas, criticism through social media. They share personal life, politics, religious views, and so on. Every day millions of people’s views are posted there. Because of people’s huge interest in social media, recently it has become obvious to analyze social media data to predict the output of people’s thoughts instead of traditional opinion polls.
